Hello and welcome to my training course, Virtual Machines for Ethical Hacking.
My name is James McAlonan, but you can call me Jim.
I will be your teacher.
This short course is aimed at those with little to no experience in hacking.
If you want to know how and where to get started, this course is for you.
I will show you how to set up a two virtual machines or VMs using VirtualBox, which is a piece of
software used for managing virtual machines and is free for you to download and use. These machines
will run inside your existing operating system.
And while VirtualBox does work on MacOS and Linux distributions, I'll be using Windows 10 for
demonstration purposes.
By the end of the course, you will have set up two virtual machines, one of which will be your hacking
toolkit and the other will be a target for hacking into.
While this course is aimed at beginners to hacking and virtual machines, you should already have some
knowledge of computers and computer networks.
In particular, you should know how a computer's CPU, RAM, storage and operating system work and how computers
communicate over a network.
Knowledge of the TCP/IP Protocol Suite or the Internet Protocol Suite will be beneficial.
I will introduce you to Debian, a popular and stable Linux distribution.
I'll introduce you to the command line and cover some fundamental concepts, including the root user, the
sudo command and basic firewall configuration.
You will need to download and install some software in order to complete this course.
So please make sure that you're comfortable installing software to your system and please do check the
system requirements before proceeding.
All the tools and software I demonstrate are free for you to obtain and use.
Welcome to the world of ethical hacking!